1. Required Software:
CCS9.x (Code Composer Studio) v9.0 or Later
Compiler: TI v18.12.1.LTS or Later
HALCoGen v. 4.07.01
Hercules SafeTI™ Diagnostic Library 2.40

2. Connecting LaunchPad to a Computer and Powering the LaunchPad
The LaunchPad is configured by default to be USB powered (JP6 must be shorted), which can be done by connecting the 
LaunchPad to a computer using a USB cable. 

3. Import the correct project into a CCS9.x Workspace
   a. Launch CCS 9.x
   b. From the Project Menu, select Import CCS Project.
   c. The Import CCS Eclipse Projects wizard opens.
   d. Check the 'Select Search-directory" button and then press "Browse" to find the project file: RM46x_LaunchPad_Project1

4. Opening a Terminal Program
To see the console output of the demo, open and configure the TERMINAL program of your choice (for example TeraTerm):
   a. Select COM port identified as "XDS Class Application/User UART" 
   b. Configure Baud Rate: 19200, Data Bits: 8, Stop Bits: 2 and Parity: None.
   
5. ECC is generated by CCS loader:
Select "Flash Settings" as shown below to generate ECC when loading the program:
   a. System Reset on Connect is checked
   b. Auto ECC Generation MUST be checked
   c. Align program segments to 64-bit memory regions is checked
   e. Remember to Press "APPLY" or your changes will not be saved!
     
6. Running the Demos
This LaunchPad comes pre-programmed with a demo set that highlights several of MCU's safety features. 
When powered the LaunchPad will start blinking USER LEDs.

a. Demo 1: Light Sensor Demo
USER LED B (LED3) blinking frequency is controlled by the ambient light sensor.
Vary the intensity of the light on the sensor (Q1) to observe the response.

b. Demo 2: Force 1 bit Flash ECC error 
Each press of USER SWITCH A button inserts 1-bit ECC error in flash. 
Each button press doubles the blink rate of USER LED A (LED2).

c. Demo 3: Force 2 bit Flash ECC error:
Each press of USER SWITCH B button inserts 2-bit ECC error in flash. 
nERROR lights up when fault is detected. Press USER SWITCH A button to clear nERROR LED.

d. Demo 4: OSCILLATOR FAILURE
OSCILLATOR FAILURE: oscillator can be killed placing jumper JP1 in OSC KILL position to 
create an oscillator fault which in turn creates error in system. ERR LED is ON as a result.
Press nPORRT button (S1) to restore. 

Note: If the project is running from CCS IDE, pressing nPORRST will terminate the JTAG connection and CCS console
      will give "DAP: Error..." etc. This error message is expected.